Update 20.treatments.md (#292)
greenelab/covid19-review: content/20.treatments.md

### Treatment of Symptoms

The clinical picture of SARS-CoV-2 infection differs dramatically between individuals.
Some are asymptomatic, and many experience mild COVID-19 symptoms.

> Mild symptoms can include cough, sore throat and fever, or in some cases loss of appetite and vomiting [@doi:10.14309/ajg.0000000000000664], or a combination of respiratory and gastrointestinal symptoms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mild symptoms commonly include fever and respiratory symptoms such as cough and sore throat, and, less commonly, gastrointestinal symptoms such as loss of appetite and vomiting [@doi:10.14309/ajg.0000000000000664]; some patients experience a combination of respiratory and gastrointestinal symptoms.
```
Just a suggestion, but perhaps there is a way to organize these symptoms more explicitly into categories

Author: Much better--thank you!

> The most severe cases of COVID-19 include severe complications including pneumonia and Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome (ARDS), which can lead to respiratory failure and death [@url:https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/hcp/clinical-guidance-management-patients.html].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most severe cases of COVID-19 include severe complications such as pneumonia and Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome (ARDS), which can lead to respiratory failure and death [@url:https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/hcp/clinical-guidance-management-patients.html].
```
